autumnai is dead and domain turned possibly hostile (#108)
spearow/juice: rcublas/CONTRIBUTING.md

  * [Documentation Guidelines](#documentation-guidelines)

> If you have questions hop on the [Coaster Chat](https://gitter.im/autumnai/collenchyma)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions hop on the [Coaster Chat](https://gitter.im/spearow/juice)
```
